# PdbxSolnScatter

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**buffer_name** | **str** | The name of the buffer used for the sample in the solution scattering  experiment. | [optional] 
**concentration_range** | **str** | The concentration range (mg/mL) of the complex in the  sample used in the solution scattering experiment to  determine the mean radius of structural elongation. | [optional] 
**data_analysis_software_list** | **str** | A list of the software used in the data analysis | [optional] 
**data_reduction_software_list** | **str** | A list of the software used in the data reduction | [optional] 
**detector_specific** | **str** | The particular radiation detector. In general this will be a   manufacturer, description, model number or some combination of   these. | [optional] 
**detector_type** | **str** | The general class of the radiation detector. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | The value of _pdbx_soln_scatter.id must  uniquely identify the sample in the category PDBX_SOLN_SCATTER | 
**max_mean_cross_sectional_radii_gyration** | **float** | The maximum mean radius of structural elongation of the sample.  In a given solute-solvent contrast, the radius of gyration  R_G is a measure of structural elongation if the internal  inhomogeneity of scattering densities has no effect. Guiner  analysis at low Q give the R_G and the forward scattering at  zero angle I(0).      lnl(Q) &#x3D; lnl(0) - R_G^2Q^2/3   where        Q &#x3D; 4(pi)sin(theta/lamda)        2theta &#x3D; scattering angle        lamda &#x3D; wavelength   The above expression is valid in a QR_G range for extended  rod-like particles. The relative I(0)/c values ( where   c &#x3D; sample concentration) for sample measurements in a  constant buffer for a single sample data session, gives the  relative masses of the protein(s) studied when referenced  against a standard.   see:      O.Glatter &amp; O.Kratky, (1982). Editors of \&quot;Small angle       X-ray Scattering, Academic Press, New York.      O.Kratky. (1963). X-ray small angle scattering with       substances of biological interest in diluted solutions.       Prog. Biophys. Chem., 13, 105-173.      G.D.Wignall &amp; F.S.Bates, (1987). The small-angle approximation       of X-ray and neutron scatter from rigid rods of non-uniform       cross section and finite length. J.Appl. Crystallog., 18, 452-460.   If the structure is elongated, the mean radius of gyration  of the cross-sectional structure R_XS  and the mean cross sectional  intensity at zero angle [I(Q).Q]_Q-&gt;0 is obtained from     ln[I(Q).Q] &#x3D; ln[l(Q).(Q)]_Q-&gt;0 - ((R_XS)^2Q^2)/2 | [optional] 
**max_mean_cross_sectional_radii_gyration_esd** | **float** | The estimated standard deviation for the minimum mean radius of structural elongation of the sample. In a given solute-solvent contrast, the radius of gyration R_G is a measure of structural elongation if the internal inhomogeneity of scattering densities has no effect. Guiner analysis at low Q give the R_G and the forward scattering at zero angle I(0).      lnl(Q) &#x3D; lnl(0) - R_G^2Q^2/3  where       Q &#x3D; 4(pi)sin(theta/lamda)       2theta &#x3D; scattering angle       lamda &#x3D; wavelength  The above expression is valid in a QR_G range for extended rod-like particles. The relative I(0)/c values ( where  c &#x3D; sample concentration) for sample measurements in a constant buffer for a single sample data session, gives the relative masses of the protein(s) studied when referenced against a standard.  see:     O.Glatter &amp; O.Kratky, (1982). Editors of \&quot;Small angle      X-ray Scattering, Academic Press, New York.     O.Kratky. (1963). X-ray small angle scattering with      substances of biological interest in diluted solutions.      Prog. Biophys. Chem., 13, 105-173.     G.D.Wignall &amp; F.S.Bates, (1987). The small-angle approximation      of X-ray and neutron scatter from rigid rods of non-uniform      cross section and finite length. J.Appl. Crystallog., 18, 452-460.  If the structure is elongated, the mean radius of gyration of the cross-sectional structure R_XS  and the mean cross sectional intensity at zero angle [I(Q).Q]_Q-&gt;0 is obtained from    ln[I(Q).Q] &#x3D; ln[l(Q).(Q)]_Q-&gt;0 - ((R_XS)^2Q^2)/2 | [optional] 
**mean_guiner_radius** | **float** | The mean radius of structural elongation of the sample.  In a given solute-solvent contrast, the radius of gyration  R_G is a measure of structural elongation if the internal  inhomogeneity of scattering densities has no effect. Guiner  analysis at low Q gives the R_G and the forward scattering at  zero angle I(0).       lnl(Q) &#x3D; lnl(0) - R_G^2Q^2/3   where        Q &#x3D; 4(pi)sin(theta/lamda)        2theta &#x3D; scattering angle        lamda &#x3D; wavelength   The above expression is valid in a QR_G range for extended  rod-like particles. The relative I(0)/c values ( where   c &#x3D; sample concentration) for sample measurements in a  constant buffer for a single sample data session, gives the  relative masses of the protein(s) studied when referenced  against a standard.   see: O.Glatter &amp; O.Kratky, (1982). Editors of \&quot;Small angle       X-ray Scattering, Academic Press, New York.       O.Kratky. (1963). X-ray small angle scattering with       substances of biological interest in diluted solutions.       Prog. Biophys. Chem., 13, 105-173.        G.D.Wignall &amp; F.S.Bates, (1987). The small-angle approximation       of X-ray and neutron scatter from rigid rods of non-uniform       cross section and finite length. J.Appl. Crystallog., 18, 452-460.   If the structure is elongated, the mean radius of gyration  of the cross-sectional structure R_XS  and the mean cross sectional  intensity at zero angle [I(Q).Q]_Q-&gt;0 is obtained from      ln[I(Q).Q] &#x3D; ln[l(Q).(Q)]_Q-&gt;0 - ((R_XS)^2Q^2)/2 | [optional] 
**mean_guiner_radius_esd** | **float** | The estimated standard deviation for the  mean radius of structural elongation of the sample.  In a given solute-solvent contrast, the radius of gyration  R_G is a measure of structural elongation if the internal  inhomogeneity of scattering densities has no effect. Guiner  analysis at low Q give the R_G and the forward scattering at  zero angle I(0).       lnl(Q) &#x3D; lnl(0) - R_G^2Q^2/3   where        Q &#x3D; 4(pi)sin(theta/lamda)        2theta &#x3D; scattering angle        lamda &#x3D; wavelength   The above expression is valid in a QR_G range for extended  rod-like particles. The relative I(0)/c values ( where   c &#x3D; sample concentration) for sample measurements in a  constant buffer for a single sample data session, gives the  relative masses of the protein(s) studied when referenced  against a standard.   see:      O.Glatter &amp; O.Kratky, (1982). Editors of \&quot;Small angle       X-ray Scattering, Academic Press, New York.      O.Kratky. (1963). X-ray small angle scattering with       substances of biological interest in diluted solutions.       Prog. Biophys. Chem., 13, 105-173.      G.D.Wignall &amp; F.S.Bates, (1987). The small-angle approximation       of X-ray and neutron scatter from rigid rods of non-uniform       cross section and finite length. J.Appl. Crystallog., 18, 452-460.   If the structure is elongated, the mean radius of gyration  of the cross-sectional structure R_XS  and the mean cross sectional  intensity at zero angle [I(Q).Q]_Q-&gt;0 is obtained from     ln[I(Q).Q] &#x3D; ln[l(Q).(Q)]_Q-&gt;0 - ((R_XS)^2Q^2)/2 | [optional] 
**min_mean_cross_sectional_radii_gyration** | **float** | The minimum mean radius of structural elongation of the sample. In a given solute-solvent contrast, the radius of gyration R_G is a measure of structural elongation if the internal inhomogeneity of scattering densities has no effect. Guiner analysis at low Q give the R_G and the forward scattering at zero angle I(0).      lnl(Q) &#x3D; lnl(0) - R_G^2Q^2/3  where       Q &#x3D; 4(pi)sin(theta/lamda)       2theta &#x3D; scattering angle       lamda &#x3D; wavelength  The above expression is valid in a QR_G range for extended rod-like particles. The relative I(0)/c values ( where  c &#x3D; sample concentration) for sample measurements in a constant buffer for a single sample data session, gives the relative masses of the protein(s) studied when referenced against a standard.  see:     O.Glatter &amp; O.Kratky, (1982). Editors of \&quot;Small angle      X-ray Scattering, Academic Press, New York.     O.Kratky. (1963). X-ray small angle scattering with      substances of biological interest in diluted solutions.      Prog. Biophys. Chem., 13, 105-173.     G.D.Wignall &amp; F.S.Bates, (1987). The small-angle approximation      of X-ray and neutron scatter from rigid rods of non-uniform      cross section and finite length. J.Appl. Crystallog., 18, 452-460.  If the structure is elongated, the mean radius of gyration of the cross-sectional structure R_XS  and the mean cross sectional intensity at zero angle [I(Q).Q]_Q-&gt;0 is obtained from    ln[I(Q).Q] &#x3D; ln[l(Q).(Q)]_Q-&gt;0 - ((R_XS)^2Q^2)/2 | [optional] 
**min_mean_cross_sectional_radii_gyration_esd** | **float** | The estimated standard deviation for the minimum mean radius of structural elongation of the sample. In a given solute-solvent contrast, the radius of gyration R_G is a measure of structural elongation if the internal inhomogeneity of scattering densities has no effect. Guiner analysis at low Q give the R_G and the forward scattering at zero angle I(0).     lnl(Q) &#x3D; lnl(0) - R_G^2Q^2/3  where       Q &#x3D; 4(pi)sin(theta/lamda)       2theta &#x3D; scattering angle       lamda &#x3D; wavelength  The above expression is valid in a QR_G range for extended rod-like particles. The relative I(0)/c values ( where  c &#x3D; sample concentration) for sample measurements in a constant buffer for a single sample data session, gives the relative masses of the protein(s) studied when referenced against a standard.  see:     O.Glatter &amp; O.Kratky, (1982). Editors of \&quot;Small angle      X-ray Scattering, Academic Press, New York.     O.Kratky. (1963). X-ray small angle scattering with      substances of biological interest in diluted solutions.      Prog. Biophys. Chem., 13, 105-173.     G.D.Wignall &amp; F.S.Bates, (1987). The small-angle approximation      of X-ray and neutron scatter from rigid rods of non-uniform      cross section and finite length. J.Appl. Crystallog., 18, 452-460.  If the structure is elongated, the mean radius of gyration of the cross-sectional structure R_XS  and the mean cross sectional intensity at zero angle [I(Q).Q]_Q-&gt;0 is obtained from     ln[I(Q).Q] &#x3D; ln[l(Q).(Q)]_Q-&gt;0 - ((R_XS)^2Q^2)/2 | [optional] 
**num_time_frames** | **int** | The number of time frame solution scattering images used. | [optional] 
**protein_length** | **str** | The length (or range) of the protein sample under study. If the solution structure is approximated as an elongated elliptical cyclinder the length L is determined from,    L &#x3D; sqrt [12( (R_G)^2  -  (R_XS)^2 ) ]  The length should also be given by    L &#x3D; pi I(0) / [ I(Q).Q]_Q-&gt;0 | [optional] 
**sample_p_h** | **float** | The pH value of the buffered sample. | [optional] 
**source_beamline** | **str** | The beamline name used for the experiment | [optional] 
**source_beamline_instrument** | **str** | The instrumentation used on the beamline | [optional] 
**source_class** | **str** | The general class of the radiation source. | [optional] 
**source_type** | **str** | The make, model, name or beamline of the source of radiation. | [optional] 
**temperature** | **float** | The temperature in kelvins at which the experiment  was conducted | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The type of solution scattering experiment carried out | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

