# RcsbEntitySourceOrganism

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**beg_seq_num** | **int** | The beginning polymer sequence position for the polymer section corresponding  to this source.   A reference to the sequence position in the entity_poly category. | [optional] 
**common_name** | **str** | The common name for the source organism assigned by the PDB depositor. | [optional] 
**end_seq_num** | **int** | The ending polymer sequence position for the polymer section corresponding  to this source.   A reference to the sequence position in the entity_poly category. | [optional] 
**ncbi_common_names** | **list[str]** | Common names associated with this taxonomy code aggregated by the NCBI Taxonomy Database.    These name correspond to the taxonomy identifier assigned by the PDB depositor.  References:  Sayers EW, Barrett T, Benson DA, Bryant SH, Canese K, Chetvernin V, Church DM, DiCuccio M, Edgar R, Federhen S, Feolo M, Geer LY, Helmberg W, Kapustin Y, Landsman D, Lipman DJ, Madden TL, Maglott DR, Miller V, Mizrachi I, Ostell J, Pruitt KD, Schuler GD, Sequeira E, Sherry ST, Shumway M, Sirotkin K, Souvorov A, Starchenko G, Tatusova TA, Wagner L, Yaschenko E, Ye J (2009). Database resources of the National Center for Biotechnology Information. Nucleic Acids Res. 2009 Jan;37(Database issue):D5-15. Epub 2008 Oct 21.  Benson DA, Karsch-Mizrachi I, Lipman DJ, Ostell J, Sayers EW (2009). GenBank. Nucleic Acids Res. 2009 Jan;37(Database issue):D26-31. Epub 2008 Oct 21. | [optional] 
**ncbi_parent_scientific_name** | **str** | A parent scientific name in the NCBI taxonomy hierarchy of the source organism assigned by the PDB depositor.   For cellular organism this corresponds to a superkingdom (e.g., Archaea, Bacteria, Eukaryota).  For viruses this   corresponds to a clade (e.g.  Adnaviria, Bicaudaviridae, Clavaviridae). For other and unclassified entries this   corresponds to the first level of any taxonomic rank below the root level.  References:  Sayers EW, Barrett T, Benson DA, Bryant SH, Canese K, Chetvernin V, Church DM, DiCuccio M, Edgar R, Federhen S, Feolo M, Geer LY, Helmberg W, Kapustin Y, Landsman D, Lipman DJ, Madden TL, Maglott DR, Miller V, Mizrachi I, Ostell J, Pruitt KD, Schuler GD, Sequeira E, Sherry ST, Shumway M, Sirotkin K, Souvorov A, Starchenko G, Tatusova TA, Wagner L, Yaschenko E, Ye J (2009). Database resources of the National Center for Biotechnology Information. Nucleic Acids Res. 2009 Jan;37(Database issue):D5-15. Epub 2008 Oct 21.  Benson DA, Karsch-Mizrachi I, Lipman DJ, Ostell J, Sayers EW (2009). GenBank. Nucleic Acids Res. 2009 Jan;37(Database issue):D26-31. Epub 2008 Oct 21. | [optional] 
**ncbi_scientific_name** | **str** | The scientific name associated with this taxonomy code aggregated by the NCBI Taxonomy Database.    This name corresponds to the taxonomy identifier assigned by the PDB depositor.   References:  Sayers EW, Barrett T, Benson DA, Bryant SH, Canese K, Chetvernin V, Church DM, DiCuccio M, Edgar R, Federhen S, Feolo M, Geer LY, Helmberg W, Kapustin Y, Landsman D, Lipman DJ, Madden TL, Maglott DR, Miller V, Mizrachi I, Ostell J, Pruitt KD, Schuler GD, Sequeira E, Sherry ST, Shumway M, Sirotkin K, Souvorov A, Starchenko G, Tatusova TA, Wagner L, Yaschenko E, Ye J (2009). Database resources of the National Center for Biotechnology Information. Nucleic Acids Res. 2009 Jan;37(Database issue):D5-15. Epub 2008 Oct 21.  Benson DA, Karsch-Mizrachi I, Lipman DJ, Ostell J, Sayers EW (2009). GenBank. Nucleic Acids Res. 2009 Jan;37(Database issue):D26-31. Epub 2008 Oct 21. | [optional] 
**ncbi_taxonomy_id** | **int** | NCBI Taxonomy identifier for the gene source organism assigned by the PDB depositor.   Reference:   Wheeler DL, Chappey C, Lash AE, Leipe DD, Madden TL, Schuler GD,  Tatusova TA, Rapp BA (2000). Database resources of the National  Center for Biotechnology Information. Nucleic Acids Res 2000 Jan  1;28(1):10-4   Benson DA, Karsch-Mizrachi I, Lipman DJ, Ostell J, Rapp BA,  Wheeler DL (2000). GenBank. Nucleic Acids Res 2000 Jan 1;28(1):15-18. | [optional] 
**pdbx_src_id** | **str** | An identifier for the entity segment. | 
**provenance_source** | **str** | Reference to the provenance of the source organism details for the entity.   Primary data indicates information obtained from the same source as the structural model.  UniProt and NCBI are provided as alternate sources of provenance for organism details. | [optional] 
**scientific_name** | **str** | The scientific name of the source organism assigned by the PDB depositor. | [optional] 
**source_type** | **str** | The source type for the entity | [optional] 
**taxonomy_lineage** | [**list[RcsbEntitySourceOrganismTaxonomyLineage]**](RcsbEntitySourceOrganismTaxonomyLineage.md) |  | [optional] 
**rcsb_gene_name** | [**list[RcsbEntitySourceOrganismRcsbGeneName]**](RcsbEntitySourceOrganismRcsbGeneName.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

