# ReflnsShell

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**rmerge_f_all** | **float** | Residual factor Rmerge for all reflections that satisfy the  resolution limits established by _reflns_shell.d_res_high and  _reflns_shell.d_res_low.               sum~i~(sum~j~|F~j~ - &lt;F&gt;|)  Rmerge(F) &#x3D; --------------------------                   sum~i~(sum~j~&lt;F&gt;)   F~j~ &#x3D; the amplitude of the jth observation of reflection i  &lt;F&gt;  &#x3D; the mean of the amplitudes of all observations of         reflection i   sum~i~ is taken over all reflections  sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection | [optional] 
**rmerge_f_obs** | **float** | Residual factor Rmerge for reflections that satisfy the  resolution limits established by _reflns_shell.d_res_high and  _reflns_shell.d_res_low and the observation criterion  established by _reflns.observed_criterion.               sum~i~(sum~j~|F~j~ - &lt;F&gt;|)  Rmerge(F) &#x3D; --------------------------                   sum~i~(sum~j~&lt;F&gt;)   F~j~ &#x3D; the amplitude of the jth observation of reflection i  &lt;F&gt;  &#x3D; the mean of the amplitudes of all observations of         reflection i   sum~i~ is taken over all reflections  sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection | [optional] 
**rmerge_i_all** | **float** | The value of Rmerge(I) for all reflections in a given shell.               sum~i~(sum~j~|I~j~ - &lt;I&gt;|)  Rmerge(I) &#x3D; --------------------------                  sum~i~(sum~j~&lt;I&gt;)   I~j~ &#x3D; the intensity of the jth observation of reflection i  &lt;I&gt;  &#x3D; the mean of the intensities of all observations of         reflection i   sum~i~ is taken over all reflections  sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection | [optional] 
**rmerge_i_obs** | **float** | The value of Rmerge(I) for reflections classified as &#x27;observed&#x27;  (see _reflns.observed_criterion) in a given shell.               sum~i~(sum~j~|I~j~ - &lt;I&gt;|)  Rmerge(I) &#x3D; --------------------------                  sum~i~(sum~j~&lt;I&gt;)   I~j~ &#x3D; the intensity of the jth observation of reflection i  &lt;I&gt;  &#x3D; the mean of the intensities of all observations of         reflection i   sum~i~ is taken over all reflections  sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection | [optional] 
**d_res_high** | **float** | The smallest value in angstroms for the interplanar spacings  for the reflections in this shell. This is called the highest  resolution. | [optional] 
**d_res_low** | **float** | The highest value in angstroms for the interplanar spacings  for the reflections in this shell. This is called the lowest  resolution. | [optional] 
**mean_i_over_sig_i_all** | **float** | The ratio of the mean of the intensities of all reflections  in this shell to the mean of the standard uncertainties of the  intensities of all reflections in this shell. | [optional] 
**mean_i_over_sig_i_obs** | **float** | The ratio of the mean of the intensities of the reflections  classified as &#x27;observed&#x27; (see _reflns.observed_criterion) in  this shell to the mean of the standard uncertainties of the  intensities of the &#x27;observed&#x27; reflections in this  shell. | [optional] 
**mean_i_over_u_i_all** | **float** | The ratio of the mean of the intensities of all reflections  in this shell to the mean of the standard uncertainties of the  intensities of all reflections in this shell. | [optional] 
**number_measured_all** | **int** | The total number of reflections measured for this  shell. | [optional] 
**number_measured_obs** | **int** | The number of reflections classified as &#x27;observed&#x27;  (see _reflns.observed_criterion) for this  shell. | [optional] 
**number_possible** | **int** | The number of unique reflections it is possible to measure in  this shell. | [optional] 
**number_unique_all** | **int** | The total number of measured reflections which are symmetry-  unique after merging for this shell. | [optional] 
**number_unique_obs** | **int** | The total number of measured reflections classified as &#x27;observed&#x27;  (see _reflns.observed_criterion) which are symmetry-unique  after merging for this shell. | [optional] 
**pdbx_cc_half** | **float** | The Pearson&#x27;s correlation coefficient expressed as a decimal value               between the average intensities from randomly selected               half-datasets within the resolution shell.         Ref: Karplus &amp; Diederichs (2012), Science 336, 1030-33 | [optional] 
**pdbx_r_split** | **float** | R split measures the agreement between the sets of intensities created by merging               odd- and even-numbered images from the data within the resolution shell.         Ref: T. A. White, R. A. Kirian, A. V. Martin, A. Aquila, K. Nass,        A. Barty and H. N. Chapman (2012), J. Appl. Cryst. 45, 335-341 | [optional] 
**pdbx_rpim_i_all** | **float** | The precision-indicating merging R factor value Rpim,  for merging all intensities in a given shell.          sum~i~ [1/(N~i~ - 1)]1/2^ sum~j~ | I~j~ - &lt;I~i~&gt; |  Rpim &#x3D; --------------------------------------------------                       sum~i~ ( sum~j~ I~j~ )   I~j~   &#x3D; the intensity of the jth observation of reflection i  &lt;I~i~&gt; &#x3D; the mean of the intensities of all observations of           reflection i  N~i~   &#x3D; the redundancy (the number of times reflection i           has been measured).   sum~i~ is taken over all reflections  sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection.   Ref: Diederichs, K. &amp; Karplus, P. A. (1997). Nature Struct.       Biol. 4, 269-275.       Weiss, M. S. &amp; Hilgenfeld, R. (1997). J. Appl. Cryst.       30, 203-205.       Weiss, M. S. (2001). J. Appl. Cryst. 34, 130-135. | [optional] 
**pdbx_rrim_i_all** | **float** | The redundancy-independent merging R factor value Rrim,               also denoted Rmeas, for merging all intensities in a               given shell.                       sum~i~ [N~i~ /( N~i~ - 1)]1/2^ sum~j~ | I~j~ - &lt;I~i~&gt; |               Rrim &#x3D; --------------------------------------------------------                                    sum~i~ ( sum~j~ I~j~ )                I~j~   &#x3D; the intensity of the jth observation of reflection i               &lt;I~i~&gt; &#x3D; the mean of the intensities of all observations of                        reflection i        N~i~   &#x3D; the redundancy (the number of times reflection i                        has been measured).                sum~i~ is taken over all reflections               sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection.                Ref: Diederichs, K. &amp; Karplus, P. A. (1997). Nature Struct.                    Biol. 4, 269-275.                    Weiss, M. S. &amp; Hilgenfeld, R. (1997). J. Appl. Cryst.                    30, 203-205.                    Weiss, M. S. (2001). J. Appl. Cryst. 34, 130-135. | [optional] 
**pdbx_rsym_value** | **float** | R sym value in percent. | [optional] 
**pdbx_chi_squared** | **float** | Chi-squared statistic for this resolution shell. | [optional] 
**pdbx_diffrn_id** | **list[str]** | An identifier for the diffraction data set corresponding to this resolution shell.   Multiple diffraction data sets specified as a comma separated list. | [optional] 
**pdbx_net_i_over_sigma_i_all** | **float** | The mean of the ratio of the intensities to their  standard uncertainties of all reflections in the  resolution shell.   _reflns_shell.pdbx_netI_over_sigmaI_all &#x3D;  &lt;I/sigma(I)&gt; | [optional] 
**pdbx_net_i_over_sigma_i_obs** | **float** | The mean of the ratio of the intensities to their  standard uncertainties of observed reflections  (see _reflns.observed_criterion) in the resolution shell.   _reflns_shell.pdbx_netI_over_sigmaI_obs &#x3D;  &lt;I/sigma(I)&gt; | [optional] 
**pdbx_ordinal** | **int** | An ordinal identifier for this resolution shell. | 
**pdbx_redundancy** | **float** | Redundancy for the current shell. | [optional] 
**pdbx_rejects** | **int** | The number of rejected reflections in the resolution  shell.  Reflections may be rejected from scaling  by setting the observation criterion,  _reflns.observed_criterion. | [optional] 
**percent_possible_all** | **float** | The percentage of geometrically possible reflections represented  by all reflections measured for this shell. | [optional] 
**percent_possible_obs** | **float** | The percentage of geometrically possible reflections represented  by reflections classified as &#x27;observed&#x27; (see  _reflns.observed_criterion) for this shell. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

