# Refine

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**b_iso_max** | **float** | The maximum isotropic displacement parameter (B value)  found in the coordinate set. | [optional] 
**b_iso_mean** | **float** | The mean isotropic displacement parameter (B value)  for the coordinate set. | [optional] 
**b_iso_min** | **float** | The minimum isotropic displacement parameter (B value)  found in the coordinate set. | [optional] 
**aniso_b_1_1** | **float** | The [1][1] element of the matrix that defines the overall  anisotropic displacement model if one was refined for this  structure. | [optional] 
**aniso_b_1_2** | **float** | The [1][2] element of the matrix that defines the overall  anisotropic displacement model if one was refined for this  structure. | [optional] 
**aniso_b_1_3** | **float** | The [1][3] element of the matrix that defines the overall  anisotropic displacement model if one was refined for this  structure. | [optional] 
**aniso_b_2_2** | **float** | The [2][2] element of the matrix that defines the overall  anisotropic displacement model if one was refined for this  structure. | [optional] 
**aniso_b_2_3** | **float** | The [2][3] element of the matrix that defines the overall  anisotropic displacement model if one was refined for this  structure. | [optional] 
**aniso_b_3_3** | **float** | The [3][3] element of the matrix that defines the overall  anisotropic displacement model if one was refined for this  structure. | [optional] 
**correlation_coeff_fo_to_fc** | **float** | The correlation coefficient between the observed and              calculated structure factors for reflections included in              the refinement.               The correlation coefficient is scale-independent and gives              an idea of the quality of the refined model.                            sum~i~(Fo~i~ Fc~i~ - &lt;Fo&gt;&lt;Fc&gt;) R~corr~ &#x3D; ------------------------------------------------------------           SQRT{sum~i~(Fo~i~)^2^-&lt;Fo&gt;^2^} SQRT{sum~i~(Fc~i~)^2^-&lt;Fc&gt;^2^}               Fo &#x3D; observed structure factors              Fc &#x3D; calculated structure factors              &lt;&gt;   denotes average value               summation is over reflections included in the refinement | [optional] 
**correlation_coeff_fo_to_fc_free** | **float** | The correlation coefficient between the observed and              calculated structure factors for reflections not included              in the refinement (free reflections).                The correlation coefficient is scale-independent and gives               an idea of the quality of the refined model.                            sum~i~(Fo~i~ Fc~i~ - &lt;Fo&gt;&lt;Fc&gt;) R~corr~ &#x3D; ------------------------------------------------------------           SQRT{sum~i~(Fo~i~)^2^-&lt;Fo&gt;^2^} SQRT{sum~i~(Fc~i~)^2^-&lt;Fc&gt;^2^}                Fo  &#x3D; observed structure factors               Fc  &#x3D; calculated structure factors               &lt;&gt;    denotes average value                summation is over reflections not included               in the refinement (free reflections) | [optional] 
**details** | **str** | Description of special aspects of the refinement process. | [optional] 
**ls_r_factor_r_free** | **float** | Residual factor R for reflections that satisfy the resolution  limits established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and  _refine.ls_d_res_low and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion, and that were used as the test  reflections (i.e. were excluded from the refinement) when the  refinement included the calculation of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor.  Details of how reflections were assigned to the working and  test sets are given in _reflns.R_free_details.       sum|F~obs~ - F~calc~|  R &#x3D; ---------------------           sum|F~obs~|   F~obs~  &#x3D; the observed structure-factor amplitudes  F~calc~ &#x3D; the calculated structure-factor amplitudes   sum is taken over the specified reflections | [optional] 
**ls_r_factor_r_free_error** | **float** | The estimated error in _refine.ls_R_factor_R_free.  The method used to estimate the error is described in the  item _refine.ls_R_factor_R_free_error_details. | [optional] 
**ls_r_factor_r_free_error_details** | **str** | Special aspects of the method used to estimated the error in  _refine.ls_R_factor_R_free. | [optional] 
**ls_r_factor_r_work** | **float** | Residual factor R for reflections that satisfy the resolution  limits established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and  _refine.ls_d_res_low and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion, and that were used as the working  reflections (i.e. were included in the refinement)  when the  refinement included the calculation of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor.  Details of how reflections were assigned to the working and  test sets are given in _reflns.R_free_details.   _refine.ls_R_factor_obs should not be confused with  _refine.ls_R_factor_R_work; the former reports the results of a  refinement in which all observed reflections were used, the  latter a refinement in which a subset of the observed  reflections were excluded from refinement for the calculation  of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor. However, it would be meaningful to quote  both values if a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor were calculated for most of  the refinement, but all of the observed reflections were used  in the final rounds of refinement; such a protocol should be  explained in _refine.details.       sum|F~obs~ - F~calc~|  R &#x3D; ---------------------           sum|F~obs~|   F~obs~  &#x3D; the observed structure-factor amplitudes  F~calc~ &#x3D; the calculated structure-factor amplitudes   sum is taken over the specified reflections | [optional] 
**ls_r_factor_all** | **float** | Residual factor R for all reflections that satisfy the resolution  limits established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and  _refine.ls_d_res_low.       sum|F~obs~ - F~calc~|  R &#x3D; ---------------------           sum|F~obs~|   F~obs~  &#x3D; the observed structure-factor amplitudes  F~calc~ &#x3D; the calculated structure-factor amplitudes   sum is taken over the specified reflections | [optional] 
**ls_r_factor_obs** | **float** | Residual factor R for reflections that satisfy the resolution  limits established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and  _refine.ls_d_res_low and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion.   _refine.ls_R_factor_obs should not be confused with  _refine.ls_R_factor_R_work; the former reports the results of a  refinement in which all observed reflections were used, the  latter a refinement in which a subset of the observed  reflections were excluded from refinement for the calculation  of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor. However, it would be meaningful to quote  both values if a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor were calculated for most of  the refinement, but all of the observed reflections were used  in the final rounds of refinement; such a protocol should be  explained in _refine.details.       sum|F~obs~ - F~calc~|  R &#x3D; ---------------------           sum|F~obs~|   F~obs~  &#x3D; the observed structure-factor amplitudes  F~calc~ &#x3D; the calculated structure-factor amplitudes   sum is taken over the specified reflections | [optional] 
**ls_d_res_high** | **float** | The smallest value for the interplanar spacings for the  reflection data used in the refinement in angstroms. This is  called the highest resolution. | [optional] 
**ls_d_res_low** | **float** | The largest value for the interplanar spacings for  the reflection data used in the refinement in angstroms.  This is called the lowest resolution. | [optional] 
**ls_matrix_type** | **str** | Type of matrix used to accumulate the least-squares derivatives. | [optional] 
**ls_number_parameters** | **int** | The number of parameters refined in the least-squares process.  If possible, this number should include some contribution from  the restrained parameters. The restrained parameters are  distinct from the constrained parameters (where one or more  parameters are linearly dependent on the refined value of  another). Least-squares restraints often depend on geometry or  energy considerations and this makes their direct contribution  to this number, and to the goodness-of-fit calculation,  difficult to assess. | [optional] 
**ls_number_reflns_r_free** | **int** | The number of reflections that satisfy the resolution limits  established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and _refine.ls_d_res_low  and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion, and that were used as the test  reflections (i.e. were excluded from the refinement) when the  refinement included the calculation of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor.  Details of how reflections were assigned to the working and  test sets are given in _reflns.R_free_details. | [optional] 
**ls_number_reflns_r_work** | **int** | The number of reflections that satisfy the resolution limits  established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and _refine.ls_d_res_low  and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion, and that were used as the working  reflections (i.e. were included in the refinement) when the  refinement included the calculation of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor.  Details of how reflections were assigned to the working and  test sets are given in _reflns.R_free_details. | [optional] 
**ls_number_reflns_all** | **int** | The number of reflections that satisfy the resolution limits  established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and _refine.ls_d_res_low. | [optional] 
**ls_number_reflns_obs** | **int** | The number of reflections that satisfy the resolution limits  established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and _refine.ls_d_res_low  and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion. | [optional] 
**ls_number_restraints** | **int** | The number of restrained parameters. These are parameters which  are not directly dependent on another refined parameter.  Restrained parameters often involve geometry or energy  dependencies.  See also _atom_site.constraints and _atom_site.refinement_flags.  A general description of refinement constraints may appear in  _refine.details. | [optional] 
**ls_percent_reflns_r_free** | **float** | The number of reflections that satisfy the resolution limits  established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and _refine.ls_d_res_low  and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion, and that were used as the test  reflections (i.e. were excluded from the refinement) when the  refinement included the calculation of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor,  expressed as a percentage of the number of geometrically  observable reflections that satisfy the resolution limits. | [optional] 
**ls_percent_reflns_obs** | **float** | The number of reflections that satisfy the resolution limits  established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and _refine.ls_d_res_low  and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion, expressed as a percentage of the  number of geometrically observable reflections that satisfy  the resolution limits. | [optional] 
**ls_redundancy_reflns_all** | **float** | The ratio of the total number of observations of the  reflections that satisfy the resolution limits established by  _refine.ls_d_res_high and _refine.ls_d_res_low to the number  of crystallographically unique reflections that satisfy the  same limits. | [optional] 
**ls_redundancy_reflns_obs** | **float** | The ratio of the total number of observations of the  reflections that satisfy the resolution limits established by  _refine.ls_d_res_high and _refine.ls_d_res_low and the  observation limit established by _reflns.observed_criterion to  the number of crystallographically unique reflections that  satisfy the same limits. | [optional] 
**ls_w_r_factor_r_free** | **float** | Weighted residual factor wR for reflections that satisfy the  resolution limits established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and  _refine.ls_d_res_low and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion, and that were used as the test  reflections (i.e. were excluded from the refinement) when the  refinement included the calculation of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor.  Details of how reflections were assigned to the working and  test sets are given in _reflns.R_free_details.        ( sum|w |Y~obs~ - Y~calc~|^2^| )^1/2^  wR &#x3D; ( ---------------------------- )       (        sum|w Y~obs~^2^|      )   Y~obs~  &#x3D; the observed amplitude specified by            _refine.ls_structure_factor_coef  Y~calc~ &#x3D; the calculated amplitude specified by            _refine.ls_structure_factor_coef  w       &#x3D; the least-squares weight   sum is taken over the specified reflections | [optional] 
**ls_w_r_factor_r_work** | **float** | Weighted residual factor wR for reflections that satisfy the  resolution limits established by _refine.ls_d_res_high and  _refine.ls_d_res_low and the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion, and that were used as the working  reflections (i.e. were included in the refinement) when the  refinement included the calculation of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor.  Details of how reflections were assigned to the working and  test sets are given in _reflns.R_free_details.        ( sum|w |Y~obs~ - Y~calc~|^2^| )^1/2^  wR &#x3D; ( ---------------------------- )       (        sum|w Y~obs~^2^|      )   Y~obs~  &#x3D; the observed amplitude specified by            _refine.ls_structure_factor_coef  Y~calc~ &#x3D; the calculated amplitude specified by            _refine.ls_structure_factor_coef  w       &#x3D; the least-squares weight   sum is taken over the specified reflections | [optional] 
**occupancy_max** | **float** | The maximum value for occupancy found in the coordinate set. | [optional] 
**occupancy_min** | **float** | The minimum value for occupancy found in the coordinate set. | [optional] 
**overall_fom_free_r_set** | **float** | Average figure of merit of phases of reflections not included  in the refinement.   This value is derived from the likelihood function.   FOM           &#x3D; I~1~(X)/I~0~(X)   I~0~, I~1~     &#x3D; zero- and first-order modified Bessel functions                  of the first kind  X              &#x3D; sigma~A~ |E~o~| |E~c~|/SIGMA  E~o~, E~c~     &#x3D; normalized observed and calculated structure                  factors  sigma~A~       &#x3D; &lt;cos 2 pi s delta~x~&gt; SQRT(Sigma~P~/Sigma~N~)                  estimated using maximum likelihood  Sigma~P~       &#x3D; sum~{atoms in model}~ f^2^  Sigma~N~       &#x3D; sum~{atoms in crystal}~ f^2^  f              &#x3D; form factor of atoms  delta~x~       &#x3D; expected error  SIGMA          &#x3D; (sigma~{E;exp}~)^2^ + epsilon [1-(sigma~A~)^2^]  sigma~{E;exp}~ &#x3D; uncertainties of normalized observed                  structure factors  epsilon       &#x3D; multiplicity of the diffracting plane   Ref: Murshudov, G. N., Vagin, A. A. &amp; Dodson, E. J. (1997).       Acta Cryst. D53, 240-255. | [optional] 
**overall_fom_work_r_set** | **float** | Average figure of merit of phases of reflections included in  the refinement.   This value is derived from the likelihood function.   FOM           &#x3D; I~1~(X)/I~0~(X)   I~0~, I~1~     &#x3D; zero- and first-order modified Bessel functions                  of the first kind  X              &#x3D; sigma~A~ |E~o~| |E~c~|/SIGMA  E~o~, E~c~     &#x3D; normalized observed and calculated structure                  factors  sigma~A~       &#x3D; &lt;cos 2 pi s delta~x~&gt; SQRT(Sigma~P~/Sigma~N~)                  estimated using maximum likelihood  Sigma~P~       &#x3D; sum~{atoms in model}~ f^2^  Sigma~N~       &#x3D; sum~{atoms in crystal}~ f^2^  f              &#x3D; form factor of atoms  delta~x~       &#x3D; expected error  SIGMA          &#x3D; (sigma~{E;exp}~)^2^ + epsilon [1-(sigma~A~)^2^]  sigma~{E;exp}~ &#x3D; uncertainties of normalized observed                  structure factors  epsilon       &#x3D; multiplicity of the diffracting plane   Ref: Murshudov, G. N., Vagin, A. A. &amp; Dodson, E. J. (1997).       Acta Cryst. D53, 240-255. | [optional] 
**overall_su_b** | **float** | The overall standard uncertainty (estimated standard deviation)            of the displacement parameters based on a maximum-likelihood            residual.             The overall standard uncertainty (sigma~B~)^2^ gives an idea            of the uncertainty in the B values of averagely defined            atoms (atoms with B values equal to the average B value).                                           N~a~ (sigma~B~)^2^ &#x3D; 8 ----------------------------------------------                   sum~i~ {[1/Sigma - (E~o~)^2^ (1-m^2^)](SUM_AS)s^4^}             N~a~           &#x3D; number of atoms            E~o~           &#x3D; normalized structure factors            m              &#x3D; figure of merit of phases of reflections                             included in the summation            s              &#x3D; reciprocal-space vector             SUM_AS         &#x3D; (sigma~A~)^2^/Sigma^2^            Sigma          &#x3D; (sigma~{E;exp}~)^2^ + epsilon [1-(sigma~A~)^2^]            sigma~{E;exp}~  &#x3D; experimental uncertainties of normalized                             structure factors            sigma~A~        &#x3D; &lt;cos 2 pi s delta~x~&gt; SQRT(Sigma~P~/Sigma~N~)                             estimated using maximum likelihood            Sigma~P~        &#x3D; sum~{atoms in model}~ f^2^            Sigma~N~        &#x3D; sum~{atoms in crystal}~ f^2^            f               &#x3D; atom form factor            delta~x~        &#x3D; expected error            epsilon         &#x3D; multiplicity of diffracting plane             summation is over all reflections included in refinement             Ref: (sigma~A~ estimation) \&quot;Refinement of macromolecular                 structures by the maximum-likelihood method\&quot;,                 Murshudov, G. N., Vagin, A. A. &amp; Dodson, E. J. (1997).                 Acta Cryst. D53, 240-255.                  (SU B estimation) Murshudov, G. N. &amp; Dodson,                 E. J. (1997). Simplified error estimation a la                 Cruickshank in macromolecular crystallography.                 CCP4 Newsletter on Protein Crystallography, No. 33,                 January 1997, pp. 31-39.                 http://www.ccp4.ac.uk/newsletters/newsletter33/murshudov.html | [optional] 
**overall_su_ml** | **float** | The overall standard uncertainty (estimated standard deviation)            of the positional parameters based on a maximum likelihood            residual.             The overall standard uncertainty (sigma~X~)^2^ gives an            idea of the uncertainty in the position of averagely            defined atoms (atoms with B values equal to average B value)                   3                         N~a~ (sigma~X~)^2^  &#x3D; ---------------------------------------------------------                  8 pi^2^ sum~i~ {[1/Sigma - (E~o~)^2^ (1-m^2^)](SUM_AS)s^2^}             N~a~           &#x3D; number of atoms            E~o~           &#x3D; normalized structure factors            m              &#x3D; figure of merit of phases of reflections                             included in the summation            s              &#x3D; reciprocal-space vector             SUM_AS         &#x3D; (sigma~A~)^2^/Sigma^2^            Sigma          &#x3D; (sigma~{E;exp}~)^2^ + epsilon [1-(sigma~A~)^2^]            sigma~{E;exp}~  &#x3D; experimental uncertainties of normalized                             structure factors            sigma~A~        &#x3D; &lt;cos 2 pi s delta~x~&gt; SQRT(Sigma~P~/Sigma~N~)                             estimated using maximum likelihood            Sigma~P~        &#x3D; sum~{atoms in model}~ f^2^            Sigma~N~        &#x3D; sum~{atoms in crystal}~ f^2^            f               &#x3D; atom form factor            delta~x~        &#x3D; expected error            epsilon         &#x3D; multiplicity of diffracting plane             summation is over all reflections included in refinement             Ref: (sigma_A estimation) \&quot;Refinement of macromolecular                 structures by the maximum-likelihood method\&quot;,                 Murshudov, G. N., Vagin, A. A. &amp; Dodson, E. J. (1997).                 Acta Cryst. D53, 240-255.                  (SU ML estimation) Murshudov, G. N. &amp; Dodson,                 E. J. (1997). Simplified error estimation a la                 Cruickshank in macromolecular crystallography.                 CCP4 Newsletter on Protein Crystallography, No. 33,                 January 1997, pp. 31-39.                 http://www.ccp4.ac.uk/newsletters/newsletter33/murshudov.html | [optional] 
**overall_su_r_cruickshank_dpi** | **float** | The overall standard uncertainty (estimated standard deviation)  of the displacement parameters based on the crystallographic  R value, expressed in a formalism known as the dispersion  precision indicator (DPI).   The overall standard uncertainty (sigma~B~) gives an idea  of the uncertainty in the B values of averagely defined  atoms (atoms with B values equal to the average B value).                          N~a~  (sigma~B~)^2^ &#x3D; 0.65 ---------- (R~value~)^2^ (D~min~)^2^ C^-2/3^                       (N~o~-N~p~)    N~a~     &#x3D; number of atoms included in refinement  N~o~     &#x3D; number of observations  N~p~     &#x3D; number of parameters refined  R~value~ &#x3D; conventional crystallographic R value  D~min~   &#x3D; maximum resolution  C        &#x3D; completeness of data   Ref: Cruickshank, D. W. J. (1999). Acta Cryst. D55, 583-601.        Murshudov, G. N. &amp; Dodson,       E. J. (1997). Simplified error estimation a la       Cruickshank in macromolecular crystallography.       CCP4 Newsletter on Protein Crystallography, No. 33,       January 1997, pp. 31-39.       http://www.ccp4.ac.uk/newsletters/newsletter33/murshudov.html | [optional] 
**overall_su_r_free** | **float** | The overall standard uncertainty (estimated standard deviation)  of the displacement parameters based on the free R value.   The overall standard uncertainty (sigma~B~) gives an idea  of the uncertainty in the B values of averagely defined  atoms (atoms with B values equal to the average B value).                          N~a~  (sigma~B~)^2^ &#x3D; 0.65 ---------- (R~free~)^2^ (D~min~)^2^ C^-2/3^                       (N~o~-N~p~)    N~a~     &#x3D; number of atoms included in refinement  N~o~     &#x3D; number of observations  N~p~     &#x3D; number of parameters refined  R~free~  &#x3D; conventional free crystallographic R value calculated           using reflections not included in refinement  D~min~   &#x3D; maximum resolution  C        &#x3D; completeness of data   Ref: Cruickshank, D. W. J. (1999). Acta Cryst. D55, 583-601.        Murshudov, G. N. &amp; Dodson,       E. J. (1997). Simplified error estimation a la       Cruickshank in macromolecular crystallography.       CCP4 Newsletter on Protein Crystallography, No. 33,       January 1997, pp. 31-39.       http://www.ccp4.ac.uk/newsletters/newsletter33/murshudov.html | [optional] 
**pdbx_r_free_selection_details** | **str** | Details of the manner in which the cross validation  reflections were selected. | [optional] 
**pdbx_tls_residual_adp_flag** | **str** | A flag for TLS refinements identifying the type of atomic displacement parameters stored  in _atom_site.B_iso_or_equiv. | [optional] 
**pdbx_average_fsc_free** | **float** | Average Fourier Shell Correlation (avgFSC) between model and  observed structure factors for reflections not included in refinement.   The average FSC is a measure of the agreement between observed  and calculated structure factors.                    sum(N~i~ FSC~free-i~)  avgFSC~free~   &#x3D; ---------------------                   sum(N~i~)    N~i~          &#x3D; the number of free reflections in the resolution shell i  FSC~free-i~   &#x3D; FSC for free reflections in the i-th resolution shell calculated as:                  (sum(|F~o~| |F~c~| fom cos(phi~c~-phi~o~)))  FSC~free-i~  &#x3D; -------------------------------------------                 (sum(|F~o~|^2^) (sum(|F~c~|^2^)))^1/2^   |F~o~|   &#x3D; amplitude of observed structure factor  |F~c~|   &#x3D; amplitude of calculated structure factor  phi~o~   &#x3D; phase of observed structure factor  phi~c~   &#x3D; phase of calculated structure factor  fom      &#x3D; figure of merit of the experimental phases.   Summation of FSC~free-i~ is carried over all free reflections in the resolution shell.   Summation of avgFSC~free~ is carried over all resolution shells.    Ref:  Rosenthal P.B., Henderson R.        \&quot;Optimal determination of particle orientation, absolute hand,        and contrast loss in single-particle electron cryomicroscopy.        Journal of Molecular Biology. 2003;333(4):721-745, equation (A6). | [optional] 
**pdbx_average_fsc_overall** | **float** | Overall average Fourier Shell Correlation (avgFSC) between model and  observed structure factors for all reflections.   The average FSC is a measure of the agreement between observed  and calculated structure factors.              sum(N~i~ FSC~i~)  avgFSC   &#x3D; ----------------             sum(N~i~)    N~i~     &#x3D; the number of all reflections in the resolution shell i  FSC~i~   &#x3D; FSC for all reflections in the i-th resolution shell calculated as:             (sum(|F~o~| |F~c~| fom cos(phi~c~-phi~o~)))  FSC~i~  &#x3D; -------------------------------------------            (sum(|F~o~|^2^) (sum(|F~c~|^2^)))^1/2^   |F~o~|   &#x3D; amplitude of observed structure factor  |F~c~|   &#x3D; amplitude of calculated structure factor  phi~o~   &#x3D; phase of observed structure factor  phi~c~   &#x3D; phase of calculated structure factor  fom      &#x3D; figure of merit of the experimental phases.   Summation of FSC~i~ is carried over all reflections in the resolution shell.   Summation of avgFSC is carried over all resolution shells.    Ref:  Rosenthal P.B., Henderson R.        \&quot;Optimal determination of particle orientation, absolute hand,        and contrast loss in single-particle electron cryomicroscopy.        Journal of Molecular Biology. 2003;333(4):721-745, equation (A6). | [optional] 
**pdbx_average_fsc_work** | **float** | Average Fourier Shell Correlation (avgFSC) between model and  observed structure factors for reflections included in refinement.   The average FSC is a measure of the agreement between observed  and calculated structure factors.                    sum(N~i~ FSC~work-i~)  avgFSC~work~   &#x3D; ---------------------                   sum(N~i~)    N~i~          &#x3D; the number of working reflections in the resolution shell i  FSC~work-i~   &#x3D; FSC for working reflections in the i-th resolution shell calculated as:                  (sum(|F~o~| |F~c~| fom cos(phi~c~-phi~o~)))  FSC~work-i~  &#x3D; -------------------------------------------                 (sum(|F~o~|^2^) (sum(|F~c~|^2^)))^1/2^   |F~o~|   &#x3D; amplitude of observed structure factor  |F~c~|   &#x3D; amplitude of calculated structure factor  phi~o~   &#x3D; phase of observed structure factor  phi~c~   &#x3D; phase of calculated structure factor  fom      &#x3D; figure of merit of the experimental phases.   Summation of FSC~work-i~ is carried over all working reflections in the resolution shell.   Summation of avgFSC~work~ is carried over all resolution shells.    Ref:  Rosenthal P.B., Henderson R.        \&quot;Optimal determination of particle orientation, absolute hand,        and contrast loss in single-particle electron cryomicroscopy.        Journal of Molecular Biology. 2003;333(4):721-745, equation (A6). | [optional] 
**pdbx_data_cutoff_high_abs_f** | **float** | Value of F at \&quot;high end\&quot; of data cutoff. | [optional] 
**pdbx_data_cutoff_high_rms_abs_f** | **float** | Value of RMS |F| used as high data cutoff. | [optional] 
**pdbx_data_cutoff_low_abs_f** | **float** | Value of F at \&quot;low end\&quot; of data cutoff. | [optional] 
**pdbx_diffrn_id** | **list[str]** | An identifier for the diffraction data set used in this refinement.   Multiple diffraction data sets specified as a comma separated list. | [optional] 
**pdbx_isotropic_thermal_model** | **str** | Whether the structure was refined with indvidual isotropic, anisotropic or overall temperature factor. | [optional] 
**pdbx_ls_cross_valid_method** | **str** | Whether the cross validataion method was used through out or only at the end. | [optional] 
**pdbx_ls_sigma_f** | **float** | Data cutoff (SIGMA(F)) | [optional] 
**pdbx_ls_sigma_fsqd** | **float** | Data cutoff (SIGMA(F^2)) | [optional] 
**pdbx_ls_sigma_i** | **float** | Data cutoff (SIGMA(I)) | [optional] 
**pdbx_method_to_determine_struct** | **str** | Method(s) used to determine the structure. | [optional] 
**pdbx_overall_esu_r** | **float** | Overall estimated standard uncertainties of positional  parameters based on R value. | [optional] 
**pdbx_overall_esu_r_free** | **float** | Overall estimated standard uncertainties of positional parameters based on R free value. | [optional] 
**pdbx_overall_su_r_blow_dpi** | **float** | The overall standard uncertainty (estimated standard deviation)  of the displacement parameters based on the crystallographic  R value, expressed in a formalism known as the dispersion  precision indicator (DPI).   Ref: Blow, D (2002) Acta Cryst. D58, 792-797 | [optional] 
**pdbx_overall_su_r_free_blow_dpi** | **float** | The overall standard uncertainty (estimated standard deviation)  of the displacement parameters based on the crystallographic  R-free value, expressed in a formalism known as the dispersion  precision indicator (DPI).   Ref: Blow, D (2002) Acta Cryst. D58, 792-797 | [optional] 
**pdbx_overall_su_r_free_cruickshank_dpi** | **float** | The overall standard uncertainty (estimated standard deviation)  of the displacement parameters based on the crystallographic  R-free value, expressed in a formalism known as the dispersion  precision indicator (DPI).   Ref: Cruickshank, D. W. J. (1999). Acta Cryst. D55, 583-601. | [optional] 
**pdbx_overall_phase_error** | **float** | The overall phase error for all reflections after refinement using  the current refinement target. | [optional] 
**pdbx_refine_id** | **str** | This data item uniquely identifies a refinement within an entry.  _refine.pdbx_refine_id can be used to distinguish the results of  joint refinements. | 
**pdbx_solvent_ion_probe_radii** | **float** | For bulk solvent mask calculation, the amount that the ionic radii of atoms, which can be ions, are increased used. | [optional] 
**pdbx_solvent_shrinkage_radii** | **float** | For bulk solvent mask calculation, amount mask is shrunk after taking away atoms with new radii and a constant value assigned to this new region. | [optional] 
**pdbx_solvent_vdw_probe_radii** | **float** | For bulk solvent mask calculation, the value by which the vdw radii of non-ion atoms (like carbon) are increased and used. | [optional] 
**pdbx_starting_model** | **str** | Starting model for refinement.  Starting model for  molecular replacement should refer to a previous  structure or experiment. | [optional] 
**pdbx_stereochem_target_val_spec_case** | **str** | Special case of stereochemistry target values used in SHELXL refinement. | [optional] 
**pdbx_stereochemistry_target_values** | **str** | Stereochemistry target values used in refinement. | [optional] 
**solvent_model_details** | **str** | Special aspects of the solvent model used during refinement. | [optional] 
**solvent_model_param_bsol** | **float** | The value of the BSOL solvent-model parameter describing  the average isotropic displacement parameter of disordered  solvent atoms.   This is one of the two parameters (the other is  _refine.solvent_model_param_ksol) in Tronrud&#x27;s method of  modelling the contribution of bulk solvent to the  scattering. The standard scale factor is modified according  to the expression       k0 exp(-B0 * s^2^)[1-KSOL * exp(-BSOL * s^2^)]   where k0 and B0 are the scale factors for the protein.   Ref: Tronrud, D. E. (1997). Methods Enzymol. 277, 243-268. | [optional] 
**solvent_model_param_ksol** | **float** | The value of the KSOL solvent-model parameter describing  the ratio of the electron density in the bulk solvent to the  electron density in the molecular solute.   This is one of the two parameters (the other is  _refine.solvent_model_param_bsol) in Tronrud&#x27;s method of  modelling the contribution of bulk solvent to the  scattering. The standard scale factor is modified according  to the expression       k0 exp(-B0 * s^2^)[1-KSOL * exp(-BSOL * s^2^)]   where k0 and B0 are the scale factors for the protein.   Ref: Tronrud, D. E. (1997). Methods Enzymol. 277, 243-268. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

