# Reflns

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**b_iso_wilson_estimate** | **float** | The value of the overall isotropic displacement parameter  estimated from the slope of the Wilson plot. | [optional] 
**r_free_details** | **str** | A description of the method by which a subset of reflections was  selected for exclusion from refinement so as to be used in the  calculation of a &#x27;free&#x27; R factor. | [optional] 
**rmerge_f_all** | **float** | Residual factor Rmerge for all reflections that satisfy the  resolution limits established by _reflns.d_resolution_high  and _reflns.d_resolution_low.               sum~i~(sum~j~|F~j~ - &lt;F&gt;|)  Rmerge(F) &#x3D; --------------------------                   sum~i~(sum~j~&lt;F&gt;)   F~j~ &#x3D; the amplitude of the jth observation of reflection i  &lt;F&gt;  &#x3D; the mean of the amplitudes of all observations of         reflection i   sum~i~ is taken over all reflections  sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection | [optional] 
**rmerge_f_obs** | **float** | Residual factor Rmerge for reflections that satisfy the  resolution limits established by _reflns.d_resolution_high  and _reflns.d_resolution_low and the observation limit  established by _reflns.observed_criterion.               sum~i~(sum~j~|F~j~ - &lt;F&gt;|)  Rmerge(F) &#x3D; --------------------------                   sum~i~(sum~j~&lt;F&gt;)   F~j~ &#x3D; the amplitude of the jth observation of reflection i  &lt;F&gt;  &#x3D; the mean of the amplitudes of all observations of         reflection i   sum~i~ is taken over all reflections  sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection | [optional] 
**d_resolution_high** | **float** | The smallest value in angstroms for the interplanar spacings  for the reflection data. This is called the highest resolution. | [optional] 
**d_resolution_low** | **float** | The largest value in angstroms for the interplanar spacings  for the reflection data. This is called the lowest resolution. | [optional] 
**data_reduction_details** | **str** | A description of special aspects of the data-reduction  procedures. | [optional] 
**data_reduction_method** | **str** | The method used for data reduction.   Note that this is not the computer program used, which is  described in the SOFTWARE category, but the method  itself.   This data item should be used to describe significant  methodological options used within the data-reduction programs. | [optional] 
**details** | **str** | A description of reflection data not covered by other data  names. This should include details of the Friedel pairs. | [optional] 
**limit_h_max** | **int** | Maximum value of the Miller index h for the reflection data. This  need not have the same value as _diffrn_reflns.limit_h_max. | [optional] 
**limit_h_min** | **int** | Minimum value of the Miller index h for the reflection data. This  need not have the same value as _diffrn_reflns.limit_h_min. | [optional] 
**limit_k_max** | **int** | Maximum value of the Miller index k for the reflection data. This  need not have the same value as _diffrn_reflns.limit_k_max. | [optional] 
**limit_k_min** | **int** | Minimum value of the Miller index k for the reflection data. This  need not have the same value as _diffrn_reflns.limit_k_min. | [optional] 
**limit_l_max** | **int** | Maximum value of the Miller index l for the reflection data. This  need not have the same value as _diffrn_reflns.limit_l_max. | [optional] 
**limit_l_min** | **int** | Minimum value of the Miller index l for the reflection data. This  need not have the same value as _diffrn_reflns.limit_l_min. | [optional] 
**number_all** | **int** | The total number of reflections in the REFLN list (not the  DIFFRN_REFLN list). This number may contain Friedel-equivalent  reflections according to the nature of the structure and the  procedures used. The item _reflns.details describes the  reflection data. | [optional] 
**number_obs** | **int** | The number of reflections in the REFLN list (not the DIFFRN_REFLN  list) classified as observed (see _reflns.observed_criterion).  This number may contain Friedel-equivalent reflections according  to the nature of the structure and the procedures used. | [optional] 
**observed_criterion** | **str** | The criterion used to classify a reflection as &#x27;observed&#x27;. This  criterion is usually expressed in terms of a sigma(I) or  sigma(F) threshold. | [optional] 
**observed_criterion_f_max** | **float** | The criterion used to classify a reflection as &#x27;observed&#x27;  expressed as an upper limit for the value of F. | [optional] 
**observed_criterion_f_min** | **float** | The criterion used to classify a reflection as &#x27;observed&#x27;  expressed as a lower limit for the value of F. | [optional] 
**observed_criterion_i_max** | **float** | The criterion used to classify a reflection as &#x27;observed&#x27;  expressed as an upper limit for the value of I. | [optional] 
**observed_criterion_i_min** | **float** | The criterion used to classify a reflection as &#x27;observed&#x27;  expressed as a lower limit for the value of I. | [optional] 
**observed_criterion_sigma_f** | **float** | The criterion used to classify a reflection as &#x27;observed&#x27;  expressed as a multiple of the value of sigma(F). | [optional] 
**observed_criterion_sigma_i** | **float** | The criterion used to classify a reflection as &#x27;observed&#x27;  expressed as a multiple of the value of sigma(I). | [optional] 
**pdbx_cc_half** | **float** | The Pearson&#x27;s correlation coefficient expressed as a decimal value               between the average intensities from randomly selected               half-datasets.         Ref: Karplus &amp; Diederichs (2012), Science 336, 1030-33 | [optional] 
**pdbx_r_split** | **float** | R split measures the agreement between the sets of intensities created by merging               odd- and even-numbered images  from the overall data.         Ref: T. A. White, R. A. Kirian, A. V. Martin, A. Aquila, K. Nass, A. Barty               and H. N. Chapman (2012), J. Appl. Cryst. 45, 335-341 | [optional] 
**pdbx_rmerge_i_obs** | **float** | The R value for merging intensities satisfying the observed  criteria in this data set. | [optional] 
**pdbx_rpim_i_all** | **float** | The precision-indicating merging R factor value Rpim,  for merging all intensities in this data set.          sum~i~ [1/(N~i~ - 1)]1/2^ sum~j~ | I~j~ - &lt;I~i~&gt; |  Rpim &#x3D; --------------------------------------------------                       sum~i~ ( sum~j~ I~j~ )   I~j~   &#x3D; the intensity of the jth observation of reflection i  &lt;I~i~&gt; &#x3D; the mean of the intensities of all observations           of reflection i  N~i~   &#x3D; the redundancy (the number of times reflection i           has been measured).   sum~i~ is taken over all reflections  sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection.   Ref: Diederichs, K. &amp; Karplus, P. A. (1997). Nature Struct.       Biol. 4, 269-275.       Weiss, M. S. &amp; Hilgenfeld, R. (1997). J. Appl. Cryst.       30, 203-205.       Weiss, M. S. (2001). J. Appl. Cryst. 34, 130-135. | [optional] 
**pdbx_rrim_i_all** | **float** | The redundancy-independent merging R factor value Rrim,               also denoted Rmeas, for merging all intensities in this               data set.                       sum~i~ [N~i~/(N~i~ - 1)]1/2^ sum~j~ | I~j~ - &lt;I~i~&gt; |               Rrim &#x3D; ----------------------------------------------------                                   sum~i~ ( sum~j~ I~j~ )                I~j~   &#x3D; the intensity of the jth observation of reflection i               &lt;I~i~&gt; &#x3D; the mean of the intensities of all observations of                        reflection i         N~i~   &#x3D; the redundancy (the number of times reflection i                        has been measured).                sum~i~ is taken over all reflections               sum~j~ is taken over all observations of each reflection.                Ref: Diederichs, K. &amp; Karplus, P. A. (1997). Nature Struct.                    Biol. 4, 269-275.                    Weiss, M. S. &amp; Hilgenfeld, R. (1997). J. Appl. Cryst.                    30, 203-205.                    Weiss, M. S. (2001). J. Appl. Cryst. 34, 130-135. | [optional] 
**pdbx_rsym_value** | **float** | The R sym value as a decimal number. | [optional] 
**pdbx_chi_squared** | **float** | Overall  Chi-squared statistic. | [optional] 
**pdbx_diffrn_id** | **list[str]** | An identifier for the diffraction data set for this set of summary statistics.   Multiple diffraction data sets entered as a comma separated list. | [optional] 
**pdbx_net_i_over_av_sigma_i** | **float** | The ratio of the average intensity to the average uncertainty,  &lt;I&gt;/&lt;sigma(I)&gt;. | [optional] 
**pdbx_net_i_over_sigma_i** | **float** | The mean of the ratio of the intensities to their  standard uncertainties, &lt;I/sigma(I)&gt;. | [optional] 
**pdbx_number_measured_all** | **int** | Total number of measured reflections. | [optional] 
**pdbx_ordinal** | **int** | An ordinal identifier for this set of reflection statistics. | 
**pdbx_redundancy** | **float** | Overall redundancy for this data set. | [optional] 
**pdbx_scaling_rejects** | **int** | Number of reflections rejected in scaling operations. | [optional] 
**percent_possible_obs** | **float** | The percentage of geometrically possible reflections represented  by reflections that satisfy the resolution limits established  by _reflns.d_resolution_high and _reflns.d_resolution_low and  the observation limit established by  _reflns.observed_criterion. | [optional] 
**phase_calculation_details** | **str** | The value of _reflns.phase_calculation_details describes a  special details about calculation of phases in _refln.phase_calc. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

